[Music]
do not
and now go so I have to go to the
races but first you must open your
present
the place
it's okay
a bicycle and beautiful I'll put it
decorating my office when your office
uncle is ciro
we give it to you so that you can come from your
house to the channel and do not take over the
polluting self reminds you that you are a
environmental reporter and you should take care
appearances so now walk in
bicycle that walks
I have to confess I do not know how to walk in
bicycle my name is
I 'm sorry friends now take this
demon machine and leave me alone
it seems that someone needs some classes
of pedaling that you say bo you take it or
leave it
it's okay I take it
[Music]
with these wheels you will easily learn
and now to practice hockey
and so I began my slow learning
cyclic
careful brother
[Music]
do not
you're ready juan carlos welcome to
means of transport that does not pollute or
produces noise that helps
decongest the city and do more
healthy
and my first pedals were in a
quiet bike path
a bicycle costs on average 30
times less than a car and it's
infinitely cheaper to maintain
also it does not use fuel so it does not
dirty the air
where they park auto fit eighteen
bicycles and even though it does not look like it is more
anger that a car in short distances
since it avoids congestion but what
better is to constantly walk in
bicycle stimulates your metabolism
improving your health considerably what
that you say freddy until the short walk
the bike lanes are over and our only
alternative was to advance dangerously
between the cars and the glasses
in a city like santiago
unfortunately there is no culture
ciclística there are few bikeways no
to park bicycles and
drivers do not respect cyclists
way that
part of my way idiots today
late to my good meeting
quiet citizens this can not be
freddy let's talk to the mayor not
and tell this pelafustán that I need
my washing machine for urgent washing but
if you are silly and stupid with your helmets
ridicules that are offered to you not be the
funny mister mayor I come in
representation of all cyclists of
the city ​​to demand that it encourage the use
of the bicycle and build bicycle paths
happy I would but I have to sleep my
third nap of the day permit
we better go fresh
maybe in the future the authorities will
realize how fundamental it can be
be the massive use of the bicycle for
live in healthier cities by
while the best thing is to preach with the
example, I think I should follow only Freddy
thank you very much for your teachings
responsible bodoque always wear the helmet
do not get in the way of the cars
do not listen to music while pedaling and
remember that at night you will be
practically invisible so you must
use the different reflective a lot
Luckily we soon see was a good
rabbit
while pedaling a feeling of
infinite seized me could not
stop my body was filled with
oxygen and my old bones rejuvenated
it was a new rabbit was alive
[Music]